Do you think the bombing raids and the bombing
campaign at LBJ placed into effect was as
effective as Nixon's role?
I think to an extent it was. I think any time you can
hit a military target and you can cause any kind of
reaction from the military, whether... You know,
the ideal situation in any war is to wound
everybody, not kill them. because it takes three
or four people to take care of every wounded guy. So
that way you just, you know, if they don't take care
of their wounded, then they die. So then it's their
fault and you put the monkey on their back. So it's
better to, you know, if you really want to overcome
them quick, wound everybody and don't kill
anybody. Then they've got to take care of each
other. The thing about the bombing is that picture
an American ship, a civilian ship, unloading
military cargo in Bremenhaven, and the Germans
are fighting the Russians, and nobody else is
involved, do you think that the Russians will
leave that ship alone, or will they try to sink it in
Bremenhaven? Now, that brings to mind that there
were Russian, Cuban, Liberian shipping that got
through all the minefields and stuff, and got into
the harbor in Hanoi, and they unloaded military
goods, why weren't they all considered targets?
Why weren't they sunk in the harbors? To me, that's
one of the best military targets in the world. And
we would not even fire at those ships, because
politically, we didn't want to cut our throats
around the world and hurt anybody's feelings.
That's the problem with the American people. You
know, we're already considered ugly Americans.
So when you do something,
you know, and I'm losing track of where I want to go,
but the thing that I want to say is that you've got to
fight fire with fire. Otherwise, the biggest guy
on the block is going to rule, and he may be the
dumbest sucker in the world, and he may be sadistic
and everything else, but if you don't take out this
guy, then he's going to run the block, and he's
going to run your family, and he's going to dictate
what you can do in your home. And that's the way I
look at countries. If everybody doesn't have to
agree with America, I don't expect them to. It
would be a screwed-up world if they did. And
America's not always right in our policies, and
I'll be the first one to say that. But basically,
around the world, with the rights that we have for
people in our own country, and we try to get those
rights into other country systems. And unless you
get out of the country and see what some of these
other countries look like, you won't understand
what I'm talking about. But you've got to go around
and see what happens in other countries before you
can start talking about the United States. The
United States, as bad as it may be for some people,
is still the best country in the world to live in. It
really is. And I've been to France and Europe and
all over Southeast Asia, and I'm telling you now,
that the United States is the best country in the
world to live in. You don't go home at night after 6
o'clock and shut all your lights out and crawl into
a bunker under your kitchen. A lot of people still
do that in Southeast Asia because they're still
fighting over there. You don't have to worry about
terrorism that much right now in the United
States. They worry about it all over Europe.
How do you feel about those who protested, but
protested by leaving the country and going to
Canada and coming back?
There were a lot of ways to protest the actions in
South Vietnam. You could have legally stayed in
this country and rested yourself as a
conscientious objector. And you could have
stayed right here. And then you would have had to
face your peer group and the relations next door
that had sons and daughters in South Vietnam. They
copped out then, and they're going to cop out again
whenever it happens. They're never going to be
able to face a major decision in their life. I don't
think they should have been allowed to come back to
this country. I think they're all a bunch of
cowards. And I'm not saying just because they
didn't go fight in South Vietnam. I'm saying that
they'll never stand up for the Declaration of
Independence. They'll never stand up for the flag
of this country. They wouldn't do it then, and they
never will. I wouldn't care if you declared a World
War III. These kind of people you're going to have
all the time, regardless. It don't make any
difference. You're going to have a certain few
that are going to run away from everything. We've
got to remember also that this is not the first time
that people have ran off and going to Canada. They
did it during the Korean War. They got amnesty when
they came back then.
And I wish they all had to wear a sign or they had a
tattoo on their forehead. I ran away. I wasn't
there, okay? There was other ways to serve your
country. You could have joined the National
Guard. You could have joined the Reserves. You
could have went to Europe.
You could have been a medic or a doctor or a nurse.
You didn't have to really participate in the
fighting. Okay? There was just other ways to do it
and still remain an American. As far as I'm
concerned, they all should have lost their
citizenship. And they should be still living in
Canada where they were freezing their tails off
instead of coming back here after they got their
good educations and stuff and getting good jobs. I
don't have any sympathy for them. And I don't want
to meet them, don't want to shake their hands, and
don't want to talk to them, and certainly don't
even want to be in the same room with them. Well, how
do you feel about those who were conscientious
objectors, but they burned their draft cards and
protested on campuses and stuff like that? Do you
have the same attitude towards them?
Well, you know, burning your draft card doesn't
prevent you from getting drafted. That's true.
And
for the ones that seriously knew what they were
doing and stood up and made a stand in front of
everybody here at home, you know, and faced that
here at home, I can accept that a lot more than I can
them going away from Camden just out of sight, out
of mind, and then after it's all over coming back.
There were a lot of guys that went to South Vietnam
that didn't want to go. There were a lot of guys
that were kind and gentle and had no business being
over there.
There were a lot of them that just couldn't adapt,
and a lot of them are still there. There was
50-something thousand guys killed in South
Vietnam, and I doubt if any one of them, wanted to
bleed and die in a foreign country. You know,
you're just not going to find the guy that's going
to raise his hand and volunteer and say, hey, I'll
bleed and die in South Vietnam. Now, they all went
over and tried to do a service for their country
that they thought was right. Because like I say,
they wanted to fight communism there instead of
Texas or Oklahoma or Louisiana or someplace like
that. Okay, what you want to know is about
guys going native. And I mentioned to you before
that we had Marine contact teams that would go out
into the villages during harvest and stuff like
that and help the regional forces protect the
village. And as far as that taking place, those
were good ideas because... It was a show of force
from the Americans for the Arvins, or for the South
Vietnamese government, to help protect the
villages while they harvested their crops and
protect them from the V.C. so they could have a
school or so that they could even have a church. And
they could, if they wanted to, worship in that
church. And it helped set up irrigation systems
and build buildings and new schools and stuff like
that. But as far as guys
going completely native and wearing black
pajamas and doing things like that, I was never in a
position to see things like that. I know that... If
you were in a...
I just never saw that. I guess guys back in the big
firebases and stuff like that would wear black
pajamas around in the evening because they were
comfortable and you didn't have to wear your
uniform 24 hours a day. I wasn't in a position to see
that. I had my uniform on 24 hours a day. And if that
was something that was happening, I don't think it
was... I don't think it was very much of it. There
was a lot of guys that would go into a village and
live in a hooch, you know, five or six guys, and
these were the guys that stayed with that village
for maybe two or three weeks, and then they'd leave
and another five guys would come in. And this was
just during harvest times and stuff like that to
really help them get set up and have their own
defensive system as far as the... what they call
the rough puffs or the popular forces were
concerned, teach them just so much stuff. But most
of that kind of stuff was done by advisors until you
got way out in the woods someplace. And if there was
a local fire base or something like that and they
had asked for help, then we'd send four or five guys
out for a while. But to go completely native was a
dangerous thing to do because if you partied with
them, familiarity breeds contempt. Now that's a
wide statement, but for a military man, that's so
much more true than for anybody else, I think. In
ranks and out of ranks. They were sent out there to
do a job, and if they became that familiar and
started dressing like the people and acting like
the people... then they were no longer part of the
U.S. military forces. They were just one of the
guys, and they were there to be part of the military
forces. Does that answer your question about
going native? Yes, sir. In your statement about
what you just said about going into the villages
and mostly there was advisors, was this a type of
pacification program? Well, every military
district had military advisors. There were so
many ARVN units in these districts. So each Arvin
unit had a military advisor, a U.S. military
advisor. I think it only went down to battalion
level. I'm not sure because I was never in an
advisory group. But I know that most Arvin units in
South Vietnam, whether it was a straight-legged
unit, ranger, airborne, it didn't make any
difference. Armin Cav, they had guys that
specialized. Like if it was an Armin Cav unit, then
they had Armin Cav sergeants and officers,
American officers and enlisted men that were
advisors for that armored
unit. During LBJ's term, what did you see or do you
think that the Gulf of Tonkin incident allowed him
to escalate without asking Congress to declare
war?
Frankly, I didn't see anything. You know, if
you've been shot at a few times, A couple little old
gunboats coming out and taking on a destroyer or
frigate is pretty damn stupid. And for us to
escalate in South Vietnam because a U.S. ship was
fired on by a PT boat, give me a break. You know, it's
like shooting at a guy armed with an automatic
weapon with a .22 pistol. It's pretty stupid. It
was an excuse. A real flimsy excuse. But if that's
what they wanted it for, it got the job done. How did
you see McCarthyism and the Red Scare affect
Vietnam?
Well, I've got to go back to...
The thing that you're trained for in the military
nowadays is not so much the Russians, but it's...
It's basic doctrine, and it's geared towards
terrorism, counterinsurgency, and I guess if you
had to, you could say that if we're ever going to
fight anybody, you always pick the guy that you
train for. All your training is geared towards the
guy that you think one of these days you're going to
fight. For us, after the Germans, there was nobody
left around to really pick on the United States
except Russia. They were big enough and armed well
enough to harass us or pick on us, if you want to say
that. I know for a fact that in talking to some of my
German friends that right after the war was over,
they all buried their weapons. They didn't turn
them in. They buried them with ammunition and
everything because they just knew that the United
States was going to ask them to help fight the
Russians.
And I ask him why, and he says, well, everybody
knows the Russians are bad people. You know? And
are they? I've only met two in my life, and they were
officers, and...
Never said much to them. I was a master sergeant,
and they were a colonel and a line general. So what
am I going to say? And I would think that the Russian
people are basically like the American people.
They want to be happy. They want to eat food. They
want to have clothes and shelter. And they want to
be left alone to enjoy their lives. So who am I to say
that the Russians are bad? I've never met any. But
the military trains us for 20 years. They train me
to fight the Russians because those are the guys
that can cause the most problems for us. And I'm not
saying that we'll ever fight the Russians, but we
prepare for what we consider to be the worst.
That's the way the military training goes. But I
don't think we'll ever fight Russia. I don't think
we'll be stupid enough to fight Russia. And I
certainly don't think Russia is stupid enough to
fight us. I really don't. There may be some
isolated incidents you know, small fire fights or
stuff like the Russians and the Chinese have got
going along their borders right now. I just don't
see the United States getting involved in a major
war with a major country. I see us trying to do
things in Nicaragua, in South America, to protect
our own fronts. You know, where are we going with
all this stuff? If we fight anything else but a
conventional war, everybody's a loser. It
doesn't make any difference whose side you're on.
If it doesn't stay conventional and some idiot
like Gaddafi gets an atomic weapon and pushes the
button, everybody loses.
Do you see in Nicaragua
right now any correlations between Vietnam Do you
see us, with our advisors, as it started out in
Vietnam, do you see us maybe escalating? Or do you
think, due to the Russians' involvement in
Afghanistan and such a problem they're having,
that nothing will ever come of it, that they'll get
tired of fighting eventually? I think the most
that we'll ever do in South America, if the
situation doesn't change in South America... One
of these days, because it's so close to us, the
United States is going to have a major problem in
South America. And this may cause some hairs to be
raised in your class, but if we don't influence the
situations on borders that are directly related
to our own country, then you're going to have a
problem. The relationship between us and Canada
is leveling out. There's more give and take now,
and there will be between now and 1992. Tariffs
will be lifted. Free enterprise is going to take
over. But the people in South America can't relate
to that. All they're trying to do is just find
enough food so they can live one more day. And until
you can make situations better for people like
that, then you're going to have a problem, because
they don't care if they live or die. And if they can
die for a cause that they never had before, hey,
that's great. And I think the ideal for South
America is special forces. And
guerrilla-trained units, you're not going to be
able to go in there with conventional units,
except get a lot of people killed. You're going to
have to go down there and fight those people the
same way that they fight. And I don't think...
And the only way to do that is with money. You're
going to have to pour money after money after money
into the country. But you've got to be there to see
how the money's spent. and you've got to control it
until they're capable of controlling it
themselves. And I don't see anybody down there
right now that's capable of controlling it.
They're doing it with force and arms, and they're
doing it with Russian weapons and communist bloc
advisors. So why are they there? Why did we allow
missiles for so long into Cuba? Why do we even allow
Fidel Castro to exist? Is he not a threat to the
United States in the way that we live, in the things
that we have? You don't think for a minute if he
could get away with it that he wouldn't come up here
and take everything that we had? So where do you
stop these people and people like him? Or do you
just turn the other cheek? and let them to continue
to exist and get stronger and stronger and
stronger until you have to do something with your
military service. I don't have all the answers. A
lot of people say that it's very simple to put on a
uniform and just obey your orders. It's not.
Because the higher you go in the military
structure, the more difficult your life becomes.
Because now you're making decisions for
everybody else below you. And sometimes that's
not easy.
But I think special forces, ranger-type units can
go into South America, and it's not all going to be
done at a conference table, okay? But if you can
exert enough pressure against the opposing
forces where they have to sit down and talk to you,
as an equal. And it's leveled out enough to where
they can't say one thing and you've got to do it
because they can overpower you. It all has to be
equal. And you've got to force them to the table.
You don't have to force your way of life on them, but
you have to make it where the people can make a
decision and not just two or three hundred of those
people because they've got the guns. You've got to
take the guns away from them so everybody's equal
and they can all make a decision. And if the country
has an election and it's not rigged or anything,
and that's what the people want, then get the hell
out of it and let them have it. Unless it's so close
to you that it's going to hurt your own boards. I'm
rambling. In 1957, had, in 56, excuse me, had
Vietnam and allowed to hold the elections and they
had elected Ho Chi Minh, should we have backed out
then? I think so.
I don't know of anybody, enemy or foe, that did not
hold Ho Chi Minh in high regard. I think any time
you take a man of the people and he rises to such
heights, then you've got to respect this
individual for what he's done and what he's done
for his country. The greatest thing that could
have happened was that Ho Chi Minh in 1957 could
have been elected by the people, all the people.
Okay? And then we could have laid down our weapons,
and we couldn't have invaded Cambodia or Laos or
anything else like that. They could have had a
protectionary force to guard their borders, and
they could have started dealing and wheeling with
everybody else in the world, you know, exporting
their rice and coconuts and whatever else it is
that they had to export and get people in. You know,
one of the greatest resort areas in the world would
be the China Beach in South Vietnam. It would make
Acapulco and Miami look sick. The water's green,
emerald green. The beaches were white-sanded.
The weather was terrific. And if you didn't want to
lay on the beach and get a suntan, you could hunt
tigers up in the mountains. But South Vietnam is a
beautiful country, and they have a lot to offer
people.
I thought the country was beautiful. But I think
there's a lot of times you got to stand back and you
got to let things happen.
I think if they would have had an opportunity to be
free for a while and not have anybody's thumb
pressed on them like the French, then they would
have had an opportunity to do something. Why do you
think the elections were not held? Why do you think
the Geneva Accord was not followed? Because I
don't think everybody got the word to all the
people in South Vietnam and North Vietnam. I think
they reached the major educated people in the
cities, but I don't think there was a real
continuous effort to get out there in the villages
where all the work was being done and the food was
being raised to talk to that villager to get them in
to vote So everyone had an opportunity. It's not
like the United States. There wasn't any radio and
TV and millions of dollars spent on, hey, I'm the
best guy, and this guy's going to do this to you, but
I'll do this for you. Their elections aren't like
that. And I don't think there was a major effort to
get all the people involved. And I think that's the
same way in South America.
As far as I know, we're probably one of the very few
countries that do that. Look at France. Look what
de Gaulle did in France.
Look what Hitler did in Germany. Most of the German
people at that time thought Hitler was a god. And
there's a lot of them that still do.
Do you think that maybe our allies, our commitment
to our Western allies, such as Britain and France,
helped not hold the elections because France
wanted to come back in and have Vietnam as a colony?
I think so, and I can understand why France wanted
South Vietnam as a colony, because they had put so
much money in it, they had all those plantations
over there, there was a lot of rich people involved
in those decisions that influenced what the
government in France wanted. You know, let me ask
you a question, okay?
Who runs the United States? Is it the government,
by the people, for the people? Or is it big
business?
I would say to an extent big business. So would I.
And I think big business, regardless of what
country you're in, certainly has an awful lot to do
with how the government makes their decisions.
And I think that that's real true right here in the
United States.
If we did what you suggested with the Rangers and
the Special Forces, like Kennedy was doing in
Vietnam and someone tried to escalate, do you
think they would look back and study Vietnam and
Korea and say, wait a minute, Wait a minute, do you
think that we're that aware and enough study is
being done about Vietnam to see the implications
that it has?
Julie, I think everybody has looked at Vietnam for
so long, but I want to make a real quick comment
here. The wheel revolves, okay? It's going to come
around again. It may be South America. It may be
back in Vietnam. It may be in Cambodia. But
somebody
is going to make a wrong decision, and they'll
commit troops someplace where there really
wasn't a need for it. If we would have stayed out of
South Vietnam and went to Special Forces, do their
jobs and just had advisors and special forces
people there and fought the enemy the way they
fought us and trained the South Vietnamese people
were there wasn't any black market or the money was
going to the right people instead of being used
wrong you know then there would have been a
ceasefire there would have been a South Vietnam
and a North Vietnam they would have always argued
Or maybe it could be all one South Vietnam right
now. It could be a total Vietnam. But there would
still be a Saigon, and there'd still be a Hanoi. But
there would be one government. I don't know. And
I'm not advocating special forces. But before you
commit an army, you've got to recon the area. And
the special forces... are trained to help people
help themselves and to me if you're going to do
anything that above all has to be done first and if
special forces is the answer for that then commit
to special forces and some advisors and then stop
it and that way you're not over committed and if you
decide later or your uh your congress decides
later that we've made a mistake, then you haven't
overcommitted. And you can pull those people out
of there.
Okay? Okay, you said a lot of people had studied
Vietnam and looked at Vietnam. Do you think that
shows through the movies that have come out,
especially during this decade? And how do you feel
about those movies and films that have come out?
Well... My dad is
a veteran of our country's uniforms. He spent 10
years in the Marine Corps and he fought in the South
Pacific for four and a half years until he was
wounded. And then he spent the rest of the time in
the Air Force.
And he didn't watch any war movies. The first movie
I saw about South Vietnam to include John Wayne's
Green Beret movie was last year. I wouldn't watch
war movies either. But I got so hung up about what
the American people thought about GIs and what our
actions were and how we could condone such
savagery.
that I went and got every one of these movies,
Platoon, Hamburger Hill, The Boys in Company C,
Green Berets, and out of all of them, I'd have to say
that the one that I thought that best depicted,
I'll get a lot of comments from this if everybody
hears this tape, was the Green Berets.
And it wasn't a big, could be because it had John
Wayne in it, too. He's my favorite guy. Always has
been. Nobody liked the Duke. But there was a lot of,
you know, when you take a movie, like, let's take
Platoon, for instance. Everybody says, well,
that's, God, that's it. That's just the way the
guys were in South Vietnam. Well, to an extent, it
is.
I spent two years in South Vietnam and fought with a
lot of different units and not once did I see a group
of guys rape a bunch of kids. Never, ever did I see
that or hear of it.
Shooting innocent villagers intentionally,
I never saw. Maybe I was different. I certainly
wasn't blind. I think I saw everything that could
conceivably happen as far as warfare goes in those
two years.
But I've known a lot of sergeants that would have
shot those men right there on the spot that was
raping those little girls. I can give you three.
B.J. Babbage, Sergeant Thompson, and Bob Mathis.
We would have shot them. And then face the
consequences for it later. One of the most savage
people on earth is an American soldier. Given the
certain surroundings and what's going on.
You know, burning villages down.
There was a lot of story in... The platoon story
took about seven or major instances that took
place in South Vietnam, and threw them all
together, okay? And, well, for the weapons, for
instance, the mini M16 that the sergeants
carried. Oh, geez, give me a break. It didn't even
hit the country until late 69, and the date on the
movie was 67, along the Cambodian border with the
25th Entry Division. Uh... I don't know. There was
a lot of things in the movie that depicted the
firefights. The ambush was
good. The country was good. All those showed
Vietnam.
I just cannot see... The thing about the rape and
shooting innocent civilians, I don't think that
happened. And I think when people see, well, it
happened, okay, with maybe two or three units, and
it happened even with the unit that I was in, the
11th Infantry Brigade.
But you had one or two guys that just, they lost it.
You know, they just lost control. But people see
that on film, and they don't show all the instances
leading up to it. And there were circumstances and
situations that made those guys lose it. You know,
Cali went from a 44-man platoon down to about 20
guys in about three months due to booby traps and
sniper fire and things like that. And they had been
trying to get into my life, for months and couldn't
do it because of the firepower that was still in
there. And if they went in there to try to get the VC
or the NVA out, at least they didn't set back
offshore and hit it with naval gunfire or put a B-52
strike on the village. You know? And that was
somebody's answer. Let's do that. That way we
won't get anybody hurt. Because every time we ever
tried to go into my life, we got people hurt. Kelly
knew that, and so did the guys that were with him.
But they lost it for a few minutes. You know?
I don't know. Movies are movies, Julie. There's
not very much... about a war movie I mean you can say
oh gee look at that and see how they did this and
everything but the only guys or the only people
that really appreciate those war movies are the
guys that were there
because they can relate to everything that
happened in those movies or basically as far as the
fighting is concerned And if you've never been
there, then you can't relate to it. To you, it's
just a movie. But for a lot of guys that wore
uniforms, it's reliving an experience. And
that's the difference.
Civilians can walk out of those movies and say,
boy, I'm glad I wasn't there. Gee, I'm glad that
wasn't me. Oh, that's not true. And yeah, it is. And
for military guys, all it does is bring back bad
memories. Because nobody likes getting shot or
being shot at.
Even the police can attest to that.
How do you see South Vietnam today? and what
they're trying to do and the fact that they've
opened it up and start let Americans come back to
Vietnam and what's going on in Cambodia and Laos.
Did you ever see the movie Killing Fields? Parts of
it. If that film hadn't been shown in your class,
That would be a good one to show everybody.
I don't hold any grudges against the South
Vietnamese or North Vietnamese people. One day
I'd like to go back over there and just have the
freedom to walk around some of the places that I've
been and not worry about hitting a booby trap or
getting shot. Because like I said before, it was a
beautiful country.
I'd go back for a visit. Certainly wouldn't want to
go back over there and fight anymore. And I'd even
like to sit down and talk to some of the guys that I
fought against.
Cambodia and Laos,
I don't know. I'm glad that the South Vietnamese,
or excuse me, I'm glad that the Vietnamese people
are finally going to settle this thing as far as the
MIAs are concerned. If they are, there's going to
be some guys that you're never going to find. And
that said, there's a lot of those people that don't
want to be found. You notice there's a difference
between POWs and MIAs.
There were even several soldiers in some of the
areas that I was in that fought for the North
Vietnamese Army. And they were XGIs. They just
went from one side to the other. And that's not
uncommon. That happens in any war. Hey, I'm on the
wrong side. Jump over to the other side.
Unless Vietnam and these What are we going to call
them? Undeveloped countries. Their culture goes
back 2,000 years, but they're undeveloped, okay?
I guess. Unless they can get out and participate in
everything that's going on in this world and
contribute to it and feed their people,
then there's going to be another South Vietnam.
And that would be sad. So where do you draw the line?
Do you send them the money and start helping them,
giving them loans? I don't have the answers for
that kind of thing. But it would seem to me that it
would be better to give them a loan than give them an
infantry battalion.
At least if you lose your money, you don't lose any
lives. And I think that's the final answer, is not
to lose any more lives. Because I, for one, would
like to stay here and raise my kids and enjoy my
family. And I don't think there's anybody else
that doesn't want the same things.
It's too bad you can't get everybody around the
round table from all these countries and sit down
and help each other out. That won't always work.
It's not always the answer. Somebody's got to fire
the first round and be an idiot. You know, they tell
you that there's nothing that happens in this
world that you can't discuss and sit down and work
out. That may be true if that's what everybody
wants to do. But there's always somebody that
don't want to talk. They'd rather fight because
that's easier. And they think that's a faster
solution than talking. Okay, yeah, it took them a
year and a half to figure out what kind of table they
wanted at the Paris Peace Talks. What for? Who
cares what kind of table it is as long as we sit down
and start talking? Can you imagine how many guys
died in a year and a half because them idiots
couldn't figure out what kind of table they
wanted?
Nobody wins in a war. It's a sad situation.
Is there one particular topic or one question or a
few questions that you'd like to make comments
about that I haven't asked you?
I guess even after eight years of wearing a
uniform, being away from the military eight years
after doing 20 years in the military,
I would like somebody like LBJ to sit down and
explain to me why I was there.
Now, I can
basically defend why I was there myself, but I
certainly don't have all the answers about
Vietnam. And I've read a lot of books, and I've
tried to find answers. I don't think anybody
knows. I really don't.
I think there was a lot of money made in Vietnam. I
think it was
bad for the country that Vietnam happened. I
don't regret my service to my country. And I
certainly don't regret wearing my uniform for 20
years in the service of my country.
And the two years that I did in South Vietnam, I did
in an honorable, soldierly way. I did not condone
or commit any war crimes. I tried to keep people
alive. And I tried to do a job that I thought my
country wanted done. And by my country, I mean my
leaders.
I'm not saying they were always right, but they
were my leaders.
So I did my duty. And I think that as long as you have
men in uniform,
They're there for the service of the country. And
when you have men in uniform that rule the country,
then that's wrong. So, if the soldiers were in
South Vietnam, who's at fault? The government?
Or the poor slob wearing the uniform?
You know, there's a lot of military men that will
tell you that it's really unfortunate that we
didn't have our seven days of May.
But it's our system. And we may not like it
sometimes, but it's still the best one going. And
until somebody comes up with the one better, I'll
still fight for the one I got. And it may tick off
some of the civilians and you may have guys run to
Canada again. But if my country ever needs me
again, I'll go. Because that's what my country
needs. Not my needs, but what my wants are. But what
the country needs. And if they need me, then I'll
go. And I guess my brother would go and my father,
he's 70 years old, and he would want to go too.
And I just, you know, I'll make one last statement
that this country would not be where it is today and
would not even continue to exist as we know it if it
wasn't for men like my brother and my father and
myself. Veterans.
Hello. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Well,
used to people couldn't get me to talk about
Vietnam or basically anything. I was here quiet,
but now I have a tendency to ramble on. I guess that
goes with the job. I have to do a lot of PR work where
I'm at, so I'm used to talking now instead of doing
it. I'm not sure which is better. I think I'd rather
be out there doing